feat(styles): component form hint (#3961)
swisspost/design-system: .changeset/wild-bugs-work.md

---
'@swisspost/design-system-styles': major
---

> Changed `.form-text` css class to `.form-hint`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Changed the class name of assistive text below form fields from `.form-text` to `.form-hint` and improved accessibility by connecting the hint to the form through `aria-describedby`.
```
